Hey, Sup Don
We gon make it right? This is work
Camera guy: This is the whole tour, start and finish right here.
So, I'm on my computer
No hands
Camery guy: You have hands
No feet
It's roomie
Alright, welcome to the international space station
Here's a tour
We're starting right now in Columbus
And if you look on this little iPad right here
there's a picture of the station
And right here, that's Columbus
so we're on the starboard side
front area in that module right there
As you can see it's the European laboratory
but it's not just European
we also have NASA
racks in here, NASA payloads in here too at the same time.
There's actually quite
new stuff over here.
This is the EML? (not sure)
Alex'll have to tell you about that cause that's his
But it's actually really cool because it talks about
because it talks about magnetic limitation
and I just think that's a cool sounding thing
I don't know exactly
what it's gonna do
but it sounds great to me.
Over here you can, it's hard to see, again, everything
but we are growing the ah
In here that's where we grew the lettuce, it's right in there.
Farther,
just a work bench
storage area, there's a
storage area above me
storage area bellow me over here.
This is where we take our blood,
get it all set up for doing that.
All the stuff is really neat for that
all around here
It's a pretty easy task.
We even have a centrifuge
we put the blood into
to help process it. Then after we do that
for 30 minutes we freeze it
get it all cold and then we ship it to ground
and hopefully they can tell something
about it, when we get there
Again, more storage over here and also
the Ultrasound we hooked up right here.
We do Ultrasounds of all sorts of the parts
of our body. Make sure we're still doing okay.
And then ah
There's also in here the slam d
which we don't want to set up but that's where
we do the ah, measure our mass
That's to see if we are loosing or gaining weight.
Again, there's a lot of science actually going on here too
that we don't touch too much,
that we just set up.
It's a good place, it's going pretty well
and this is Alex's, you can tell this is ah
the German flag in the back
it's a good place for Alex.
Moving on in Node 2
Camera man: The vacuum cleaner
Yes that's true. We do have one of the most important
pieces of equipment on the ISS
hidden up here
This is the vacuum cleaner.
We say, NASA's talk is that this is the only piece of equipment that doesn't suck on International Space Station.
But, actually this is much better than the old one
so we actually like it
and ah, it's nothing too fancy, just a vacuum cleaner.
but we have to use it every week to get stuff clean
Come into Node 2
and if you look on the picture here
Node 2 is this section right here
it's this front little piece that
fits on that station
so it's actually where the shuttle used to
front and this black part is where the shuttle used to dock to
and so right now, nothing of course is docking to that
but we are in this area right after there
It's called Node 2
If you look out here, this is where the shuttle actually docks
just right through that hatch right that way
and there's still a device on Earth
a module called PMA that... (sorry can't hear it)
and when we get a visiting vehicle such as the
Cygnus
or a Space X (manufacturing company)
we avert it down here
on the near side, the lower side
we will open that hatch and we have that there.
That's the idea of being a Node,
it has multiple spots to attach to
so you have all four sections here
around and the one on the front
and actually one behind us so there's actually six places to dock.
Beside's that, it's really our ah work bench area
and our living quarters in Node 2
Come this way.
Actually I see over here another one of our work benches
we usually keep both work benches, here and here
but this time we have one the Columbus Module
just cause Alex is working on a special project there.
And then if you go back you'll see now it's coming into view
the four crew quarters around here.
So we have four of us
this one's mine over here
We have Oleg/Alek (Artemyev/Skvortsov?), we have Tonto
we have Alex's
It's kind of interest because once you get into one
you really can't tell which one's
which orientation you are so if I happened to go
in to Tonto's to look at a picture, something he's got on his screen
I'll come out and I'll be kinda confused because I don't know which way I'm going.
Especially if you go into Alex's you come out and your really confused
because it feels like your in your own but when you come out it's a totally different orientation. (speaking really fast and not clearly)
If you look in here these aren't too
big at all. You can take a quick look and I'll jump in here real quick
So
we have our sleeping bag attached to the wall.
The way I like to do it is I just have it attached here
at one point and one point up here
so I can put my feet right up here when I'm sleeping
and I kind of do it in the sense of
this position like this
and I'm kind of curled up a little bit
in a semi on my side sleeping position
which is what I like to do back on Earth
and I works out pretty well, gives me that same feeling
almost, but it works well for me.
Then when you wake up in the morning the first thing you see
is your laptops. I got one that
connects to the internet which
works like 50% of the time
and then I've got another one that does
the our lan*? which gives us our schedule,
all the other information or email
everything we need to do to work up here, that's what that one does.
We also have an iPad as you can see
and tht's also a
I know it's small but really it works out well for me, we didn't need much more room up here
So let's now move on to the lab
And again if you look up here... so what we're doing right now, it's we are heading towards the back
if we go to the port side
now you can see that on your
the port side is called node 3, and again it's very similar
to
ahhh
node 1 and 2
and it's not even on this picture
so that just makes it more difficult!
but I might even have another one
it shows... but it doesn't matter, it's to the ahh port side
Cameraman: blame the guy who downloaded the picture
yeah...blame the guy who downloaded the picture
exactly
which you normally don't have
Let's go on back.
We're gonna do, we're gonna head to the gym,
'cause we missed that at the beginning.
So, we'll head there.
And then we have finished up the USOS segment
And on the way I'm gonna get some water
'cause I'm really dead thirsty.
And I'll show you how we put water either for drink bags
or for if we need to rehydrate some food.
it's either gonna be room temperature water
or  it's hot water.
This is the location
Now the PWD, portable water dispensible
dispenser
potable water dispenser
I knew that, well it's probably portable too
not that good
so you just put
whatever it is
into the adapter
how much water you want
and hit the button
it's pretty easy, even I can do it
Now if you do want some cold stuff we have this
where we look at them
and we have stuff in there
our main sauce right there is Sriracha
and we live out of that, nice diet
that makes everything taste better
It's done.
Fills up.
And, uh,  the nice thing about these things, these straws of course
it's got a little clamp on there so
if I didn't have that on there I show you
the water pressure, it just starts coming on out
There you go.
Let's go in to the gym.
I'm going back actually right now
back to node 2